[New docs] Configure the resource name (#687)
Sylius/SyliusResourceBundle: docs/configure_your_resource.md

```

By default, it will have the `app.book` alias in Sylius resource which is a concatenation of the application name and the resource name `{application}.{name}`.

## Advanced configuration

> ### Configure the resource name

Reviewer: I suppose we can get rid of one of these titles (especially as the latter is clearly dependent, but is presented on the same level in the [list above](https://github.com/Sylius/SyliusResourceBundle/pull/687/files#diff-5f940b00cf239eec51664ad8d16bf299563a07ff60252d059225bf6df89765b5R8-R9)) 🖖

Reviewer: Nevermind, I just saw [this PR](https://github.com/Sylius/SyliusResourceBundle/pull/689/) that changes my opinion 😄

It defines the resource name.

```php
namespace App\Entity;

use Sylius\Component\Resource\Metadata\Resource;
use Sylius\Component\Resource\Model\ResourceInterface;

#[Resource(name: 'cart')]
class Order implements ResourceInterface
{
}

```

On your Twig templates, the `order` variable will be replaced by the `cart` one.

> As an example, on a `show` operation these Twig variables wille be available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, on a `show` operation following Twig variables will be available:
```
